[Th2 5118] read-db doesn't store results from init query in puling mode (#10)
th2-net/th2-read-db: README.md

Pulls updates from the specified data source using the specified queries.

+ dataSource - the id of the source that should be used
+ initQueryId - the id of the query that should be used to retrieve the current state of the database.
  NOTE: this parameter is used to initialize state and read-db doesn't publish retrieved messages to MQ router.

> + initParameters - the parameters that should be used in the init query. Also, The task use these parameters to configure the fist `updateQuery` if `initQuery` parameter is missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ initParameters - the parameters that should be used in the init query. Also, The task uses these parameters to configure the first `updateQuery` execution if `initQuery` parameter is not specified
```

## Changes

### 0.3.3

#### Changed:

> + `initQuery` parameter in pull task is optional 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `initQuery` parameter in a pull task is made optional
```
